Updated information about media logging defaults (#8715)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/log-files-media-cpus.md

---

> title: Use log files in troubleshooting Microsoft Teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: CPUs with media logging enabled by default
```

ms.reviewer: tejeshs
ms.date: 03/31/2022
audience: admin
ms.topic: troubleshooting
ms.service: msteams
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.collection: 
  - M365-collaboration
search.appverid: MET150

> description: List of CPUs with media logging enabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about CPUs with media logging enabled by default
```

appliesto: 
  - Microsoft Teams
---

# CPUs with media logging enabled by default

This is the list of CPUs with media logging enabled by default, intended to be high performance CPUs that shouldn't be impacted by default behavior. See [Use log files to monitor and troubleshoot Microsoft Teams](log-files.md) for a detailed explanation of media logging.

> |CPUs with Media Logging Enabled by Default|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CPUs with media logging enabled by default|
```
